hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here so today we're talking
about the iPad pro this is a device that
looks awesome in videos and photos on
Apple's website this thing is a really
well-built piece of technology it's an
engineering marvel it looks amazing but
my question that I have every single
year when the iPad comes out is can this
thing be used as a laptop replacement
because that's the thing I'm most
interested in
I like having tech but I like having
less Tekin being able to have something
that does all of the stuff I would need
to do as well as being a tablet for
immediate consumption would be great
and that's the thing when you look at
this device you can tell it's
immediately one of the best if not the
best media consumption devices on the
market it has a beautiful screen this
one's the 11 inch model but it's a 120
Hertz screen colors look really good it
gets bright it's a fantastic screen the
speaker is also great for me to
consumption loud really clean I don't
know how they do this every year they
make these speakers a little bit better
but they're really good for both music
and video and also for audio in games
it's also a great device for creatives
for people that use the Apple pencil
it's got very low latency there's a
bunch of great apps for it and this year
the Apple pencil has wireless charging
and a magnetic connection onto the iPad
itself it honestly makes the old Apple
pencil feel really silly like the way
this one used to charge was just stupid
but whether or not this device can be
used to replace your laptop that is a
more important question and obviously if
you're a light user like if all you do
is just like email browse the web sure
the answer is yes it's a very obvious
yes but for people that are just doing a
little bit more and I'm not talking like
video editing and development and stuff
like that I'm just talking about people
that want to replace a laptop with this
so instead of buying a thousand dollar
laptop or $1200 laptop you spend that
money on this device and for that money
you are getting some new features this
year the new USBC port brings some
charging convenience which is nice and
you can connect it to an external
display which for some people is really
useful and the new face ID works very
well but one of the more impressive
features about the iPad pro this year is
the performance this thing is incredibly
fast the thing is if you think about
iPads in general like when was the last
time
if you've used an iPad in the past or
anybody has used an iPad and past when
was the last time they looked at their
old device and thought I wish this was
faster like I'm being held back by this
speed of my three-year-old iPad like
that's just not a thing for most people
that isn't hunt that should not be the
focus of Apple's iPad development what
we're missing is software I'm not
talking about apps I'm talking about the
OS this operating system holds the iPad
pro buck I really feel like the OS needs
a full overhaul and every year all the
reviewers say this like you know it's
great hardware held back by the software
but it's like like if we could take this
one
the 2015 iPad pro this is a three year
old device if we could take this machine
and put a filesystem on there like a
traditional filesystem and some kind of
like cursor or Mouse support everybody
would be using this instead of the new
2018 superfast iPad pro without all of
that stuff and I feel like this is an
issue that has existed since the very
beginning of the iPad like the moment
some company out there made that first
third-party keyboard that could connect
by bluetooth to the first iPad that's
when people start to look at these
things as a potential laptop replacement
six years later we're still in the exact
same situation where it's great hardware
but it's held back by software and this
year it's even more frustrating because
the hardware so darn good it looks good
performs well it's just an incredible
piece of hardware but there's so few
people that can actually use this as a
laptop replacement the USB C port
doesn't support external storage there
is no headphone jack and the lack of a
proper filesystem on here just makes it
really difficult to interact with files
you get over email or just through any
kind of workflow it's a very cool device
but it's just too expensive to be some
kind of fun secondary device and to me
this still isn't a laptop replacement I
want it to be because it looks so good
but there's so many little things that
hold it back constantly that just
prevents it from being a truly viable
laptop replacement it's a good laptop
alternative like as a secondary device
but so was the three-year old one like I
don't feel like there's a fundamental
difference in terms of usability between
the two obviously this new one looks
better but the biggest difference is
speed this is so much faster but like I
said speed is not holding this thing
back it's the software okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it subs we'd love to see you guys
next time
[Music]